Fix: Add warning if auth headers from two sources (#383)
SAP/cloud-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

## Improvements

> - Add warning in case the destination, and the custom request config contain both `authorization` headers. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Log a warning in case the destination and the custom request config contain both `authorization` headers. 
```
